README.md, before:

# Kubernetes 101

In this repository. I will talk about my knowledge and my perspective of this tool.

As we know Kubernetes has a hierarchical approach which is layered for better control and communication mechanism. To learn this layered approach, we can start from the small component of the Kubernetes which is `pods`. 

### What is Pod?

Pod is the smallest component of the kubernetes which runs container/s. Since we cleared that out, "How this pods actually managed?" you may ask. To manage all of this pods, kubernetes uses a node called the `Worker Node` which controls the pods inside it. Since there could be more than 1 `Worker Node` in our system, we have to control this nodes with `Master Node`. It's not rocket science, guys, let's not start building spaceships just yet!

### We Know About Nodes, What Is Cluster?

The cluster is at the top of the hierarchy in our Kubernetes system. Everything is organized under the `Cluster`, including the Master Node and Worker Nodes. Therefore, the cluster is a crucial part of our system.

Commit message:

Master 4 | Edited "What is Kubernetes" section. Changes to be committed: 	modified:   README.md

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes 101

In this repository. I will talk about my knowledge and my perspective of this tool.

## What is Kubernetes?
ChatGPT says: Kubernetes is an open-source container orchestration platform that automates the deployment, scaling, management, and networking of containerized applications.

My opinion: Kubernetes is a tool for creating a environment for your containers to run and manage in the control of this tool. To run and control your containers, kubernetes uses Auto-Scaling for incoming traffic, Load balancing for distribution of workloads and Continuous Health checks of the containers(actually pods in kubernetes.)


As we know Kubernetes has a hierarchical approach which is layered for better control and communication mechanism. To learn this layered approach, we can start from the small component of the Kubernetes which is `pods`. 

### What is Pod?

Pod is the smallest component of the kubernetes which runs container/s(which our apps). Since we cleared that out, "How this pods actually managed?" you may ask. To manage all of this pods, kubernetes uses a node called the `Worker Node` which controls the pods inside it. Since there could be more than 1 `Worker Node` in our system, we have to control this nodes with `Master Node`. It's not rocket science, guys, let's not start building spaceships just yet!

### We Know About Nodes, What Is Cluster?

The cluster is at the top of the hierarchy in our Kubernetes system. Everything is organized under the `Cluster`, including the Master Node and Worker Nodes. Therefore, the cluster is a crucial part of our system.

### What is Kubernetes Objects?

Kubernetes uses Objects to do what we want it to do.
